Golang tool to validate regexes passed via STDIN (#27)
RedHatInsights/insights-operator-gathering-conditions: golang-regex-validator/README.md

# Golang Regex Validator

This tool reads a Golang regular expression from the standard input and checks whether it can be compiled.
The result is indicated by the exit status.

To use it:

```go run regexCompiler.go```

> ## Test
> 
> The tests included in this folder are just for validating that tool
> is compliant with the design, but are not validating any of the expressions
> from the data contained in this repo.

Reviewer: I guess this is obsolete now?

We could drop this section or replace it with something like this:

```suggestion
## Tests

Tests validating the tool itself are implemented using `pytest` and located in `tests/golang_regex_validator`. Other `pytest` tests then use the tool to validate data contained in this repository.
```
